# 23/3

## Training topic ideas&#x20;

_Add your topic suggestions before the meeting here! These should be things you want to improve on that will have the most immediate positive impact on your deals today._

_Discovering budget. Call example_ [_Access Fintech_](https://app.trywingman.com/guest/sharedCall/b69cdd5a-80a7-4b91-9486-cbc6bd008429) _(Alex)_

How to ask about other tools they are evaluating? Ocient. (Alex)

Expansion outreach, research/prospecting and outreach. CitrusAd. (Alex)

Trial Check-ins, how to ensure you are pushing the trial along and helping the team see the value. [https://app.trywingman.com/call/b9edb938-08ef-46c5-9d06-180e97633e65](https://app.trywingman.com/call/b9edb938-08ef-46c5-9d06-180e97633e65) (Zach)

## Calls to review

_Add example calls based on your topic suggestions. Please don't add random calls. Add calls with a purpose. The purpose should be to work on your topic idea and use this call to do so._

## Key takeaways

_Here we note down what we've learned based on our training and use as a guide to go back to and look at things we've discussed. Repetition and practice is the way to get better._

When being asked for a trial extension, it's better to set expectations around why they need the extension and what they plan on testing rather than directly giving an extension. (Mark)

Better to set a plan as to how they will use the trial, what the need to test out, and setting healthchecks as an agreed next step. (Mark)

How to drive trials to a close (Zach):



* Become more of a product expert and show any issues directly on the call
* Create a list of things they are looking to accomplish on the trial and walk through that list with them on trial check ins

__
