# 11/5

Every week we will take time to train as a team. The best athletes play together, and train together and keep looking for ways to improve. Growth is part of our culture as an AE team. Good AEs get better over time, great AEs consistently look for ways to improve.

Trainings will look different from time to time depending on the needs of the team during that time. You can suggest training ideas.

**Things to do:**

* Add your **topic suggestions**.
* Add calls to review based on **topic suggestions**.
* Write down and summarise **key takeaways**.

## Training topic ideas

_Add your topic suggestions before the meeting here! These should be things you want to improve on that will have the most immediate positive impact on your deals today._&#x20;

Discovery series: Understanding their use case and getting decision criteria.



## Calls to review

_Add example calls based on your topic suggestions. Please don't add random calls. Add calls with a purpose. The purpose should be to work on your topic idea and use this call to do so._

## Key takeaways

**Discovery Training 5/11**

HubSpot AE Discovery Playbook is now live.

CheatSheet/Scorecard is live as well

How to get the decision criteria and map those to features on the demo:&#x20;

Example: We want to build API documentation.&#x20;

To build docs easily.&#x20;

We’re in a market where most people understand the value for IKB, and some people don’t.

Really quantify what they want to achieve in easy steps. This way we can check off those boxes in the demo instead of showcasing everything on the demo.&#x20;

If someone says we want an IKB, break that down, what do you mean by that?&#x20;

Take time to also ask during the demo, hey is this what you’re looking for?

Process is, you find out their use case first, something like, we’re trying to build an API doc. From there, you ask, what are you looking for in building API docs.

For product docs: Add API method, add codeblocks, use GitSync.&#x20;

For IKB: Use permissions for IKB, want to strucure content in a specific way.

\*\*\*Asking them towards the close, if a tool has all of these decision criteria in it, whether its GitBook or not, would you purchase it. This allows them to think if there is anything else that needs to be added to their decision criteria.&#x20;

No assuming or asking.

When you say API doc, did you mean API method?&#x20;

How do you invision that content being built?&#x20;

For things you’re unaware of, take it offline, for decision criteria you know we don’t have ask if it’s a dealbreaker and try to find a workaround, also offline.&#x20;

When asking if everything was perfect, including pricing, if the prospect mentions anything about pricing being an important decision factor, use it to your advantage to find budget.&#x20;

If someone says “we’re still evaluating tools so I can’t tell you if we’ll purchase even if you meet our criteria”&#x20;

Answer with: I completely understand, we’re not signing a contract today, my goal here is to show that we’ve checked all the boxes in terms of your current criteria so we can make a confident choice in GitBook. Other criteria will most likely arise as you’re evaluating, and that’s fine, the purpose here is to make sure you’re confident in your choice of software.

Pushing back “why are you we here if you’re not going to make a decision on a software?”

Gitflow means change requests.



### Recording

[https://gitbook.zoom.us/rec/share/QigHnIVRNMIeVXyZHqMNdoUequ7PIY-7kPg49ntBEXAo-LeX9BpM0hm-mup31xNF.-DYsp\_Z9HlGOr7\_p](https://gitbook.zoom.us/rec/share/QigHnIVRNMIeVXyZHqMNdoUequ7PIY-7kPg49ntBEXAo-LeX9BpM0hm-mup31xNF.-DYsp\_Z9HlGOr7\_p)\
Passcode: ^e02PVgg
