# 18/5

## Training topic ideas

_Add your topic suggestions before the meeting here! These should be things you want to improve on that will have the most immediate positive impact on your deals today._&#x20;

Discovery series:

* Account mapping. Other teams.
* Competitor differences, advantages. Why that competitor?
* Creating SOFU. How to create urgency in a deal to drive it to close, when there is no compelling event on their end, how to create that urgency. - Zach

## Calls to review

_Add example calls based on your topic suggestions. Please don't add random calls. Add calls with a purpose. The purpose should be to work on your topic idea and use this call to do so._

## Key takeaways

_Here we note down what we've learned based on our training and use as a guide to go back to and look at things we've discussed. Repetition and practice is the way to get better._

How often are we talking to a decision maker?&#x20;

We need to understand what our other stakeholders are interested in through our champion?&#x20;

Have an actionable close plan in terms of finding that decision maker.&#x20;

We end up not knowing next steps on both sides, maybe we said we’d reconnect at a certain date, but we need to map out an action plan. \
What’s your timeframe? What else should we do here?&#x20;

Important questions to ask.&#x20;

If someone says, well I think I’ll just test it out. While they are testing it out, check all the boxes from every department, whether that’s procurement, legal, engineering, etc.&#x20;

Often we’ll find prospects don’t know the process themselves.&#x20;

Oh you don’t know, well I’m happy to set up the trial, as I’m setting it up, why don’t you go figure out what procurement needs, in 2-3 days time we’ll do another 10 minute reconnect, discuss it together.&#x20;

The reason I’m doing this is because I’ve worked with companies that loved GitBook, but were unable to start for a few weeks due to a lengthy procurement process.

Get ahead while doing things in parallel

Trial GitBook while I do a questionnaire.

If a deal falls off the face of the earth, we didn’t do a good enough job explaining the product, or doing a good enough discovery.&#x20;

No real timeline. 2-3 days Procurement.

When someone says they’re not sure who else needs to be involved, it’s an indication it might fall off the face of the earth. We need to be cognizant of who needs to be involved. If someone needs to be involved, that initial person you spoke to should know and if they don’t they may not be the buyer.

Monologueing, while may be useful, need to be direct and to the point.&#x20;

Tie the timeframe question with pain, if someone doesn’t have a timeline, bring the issues in, and create a timeframe.&#x20;

Quantifying pain is going to be difficult. Try to understand need as deeply as possible. \
Use me as a resource, as things come up for the prospect, they need to be comfortable enough with you to be able to use you as a resource for anything.&#x20;

\
