# 4/5

## Training topic ideas

_Add your topic suggestions before the meeting here! These should be things you want to improve on that will have the most immediate positive impact on your deals today._&#x20;

Discovery - Alex. I've created a [Discovery Playbook](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aHtOCQaJeMw\_z2hw0hWgr6AMH2aJNCCA\_ZX3jLgEV2c/edit?usp=sharing).

Staking your claim with Visitor Authentication - Mark

Pricing VA and adding it in with the Add-on. - Mark

Competitive deals, where GB has advantages over Confluence, Archbee, Doc360, ReadMe, etc. - Zach&#x20;

## Calls to review

_Add example calls based on your topic suggestions. Please don't add random calls. Add calls with a purpose. The purpose should be to work on your topic idea and use this call to do so._

## Key takeaways

Discovery

Why now? Why are you looking at this initiative now?&#x20;

This will allow for better follow-up, instead of generic outreach we’ll have a structured outreach

Agenda setting is important, puts more structure for the call, and puts you in the driver seat.&#x20;

When talking about migration, we don’t tailor the demo towards what they’re migrating with. If migration doesn’t work well, honesty is the best policy, at the end of the day, time will be saved, better option than copy and pasting. Use a public documentation page and have it pre-populated for the demo (“took something from your website and created a page for it on GitBook”)

Have the prospect explain “why” for externally sharing with customers. Having VA is great. What happens if a competitor gets their hands on this doc? Understanding how important security makes the pricing conversation easier, Is 6-10k not worth having secure documents.

Decision criteria needs to be more thorough. While we have an extensive list of things we can do, we need to lead the prospect to the promise land.

Understanding why they’re leaving their current documentation tool is important, but what is more important is why NOW?&#x20;

For multiple stakeholders, understanding their separate needs is important, we can use this info to send separate thank you notes and engage them to create better champions. The more champions we create within a company, the better we can sell.&#x20;

For budget, price is 10k. If they think it’s too much, what were you expecting then? Use that to your advantage, scope out how they’re feeling. Instead of asking, who buys, ask them who else needs to be involved in the decision making process, make them feel special.

For procurement, while you’re trialing, can we complete the necessary items with your internal teams in parallel. Things like, terms and conditions, quotes, etc.

\*What does your manager care about? Then send them an email separately with a thorough bulleted email highlighting all the ammo they can use during their internal one on one that is important for their team so they can mention those Bullet points to those managers.
