# 8/6

## Training topic ideas

_Add your topic suggestions before the meeting here! These should be things you want to improve on that will have the most immediate positive impact on your deals today._&#x20;

* Give/Get - Alex
* Commenter vs Editor pricing - Mark, Zach, Alex
  * Tech teams vs non-tech teams
  * Tiered pricing
* creating action plan/timeline - recap - Zach
* Procurement - Ali
  * understanding the procurement process.
  * setting expectations. give/get.

## Calls to review

_Add example calls based on your topic suggestions. Please don't add random calls. Add calls with a purpose. The purpose should be to work on your topic idea and use this call to do so._

## Key takeaways

_Here we note down what we've learned based on our training and use as a guide to go back to and look at things we've discussed. Repetition and practice is the way to get better._

Pricing for Netflix - 25 people with full access - creator/review/admin - approx 30/50 people with commenter access and then the rest (awaiting confirmation of exact numbers but they said a few hundred) -with reader only access

_Readers x price_

_Commenters and above 35_

__

Hi Tal,\
__\
__Thanks for the clarification, that is what I meant by going through your decision criteria and making sure GitBook is a right fit. Tomorrow we will finalize your criteria, go through a general overview, set up the enterprise trial.\
For custom domain setup and visitor authentication technical questions, I have informed my technical support team to be available to you by email. You can ask any questions at [support@gitbook.com](mailto:support@gitbook.com)\
The timeline for this project should be

1. 31/5 - Start 2 week GitBook Enterprise trial PoC. Define criteria. General demo overview. Go through questions. 30 mins
2. 31/5-14/6 - ask any technical questions to [support@gitbook.com](mailto:support@gitbook.com)
3. 6-7/6 - Mid-trial check-in. Go through issues and questions. 15-20mins
4. 8/6 - Schedule call with other stakeholders at Ke-La such as Finance, Procurement, Legal, Security, etc. to go through questions and requirements (if applicable)
5. 10/6 - End of trial call. Confirm GitBook is top choice and send over pricing and order form.
6. 15/6 - Order form signed and intro to Customer Success.
7. 20-30/6 - Onboarding with Customer Success team.

\
Does this one-month timeline look realistic to you? Do you predict any surprise steps that I haven't considered?\
Thanks for working with us and looking forward to our call tomorrow.\
Best,

__

_What we give:_

* _Demo_
* _Pricing_
* _Call_
* _Resources_

_What we get:_

* _Decision criteria?_
* _Top choice?_
* _Procurement process?_
* _Budget?_
* _Meeting w/ manager?_

| Give                       | Get                              |
| -------------------------- | -------------------------------- |
| _Demo_                     | _Decision criteria_              |
| Trial extensions           | Next step call                   |
| Competitor comparison      | _Meeting w/ manager and/or team_ |
| Emails with selling points |                                  |
| _Pricing_                  | _Top choice_                     |
| _Call_                     | _Procurement process_            |
| _Resources_                | _Budget_                         |
| _Discounts_                |                                  |
|                            |                                  |
|                            | __                               |

The timeline for this project should be:

* 6/8: Have the following completed by our next meeting:&#x20;
* Understand the budget for this project (what the budget would be to put on CC and what budget would be to go through the procurement process)&#x20;
*
  * If we do need to go through procurement, what does that process look like?
* Get an accurate number of users needed across Service Towers (both readers and editors)
* Send over the security risk assessment questionnaire
* 6/10: Zach to present pricing for FNF (based on user discussion on 6/8)
* 6/13: Justin to initiate procurement process (if necessary)
* 6/20: Zach to complete the security risk assessment questionnaire
* 7/1: Complete Security Risk Assessment and Procurement Process (if necessary)&#x20;
* 7/11: Agreement finalized, Order Form Signed, and intro to Customer Success team\

* 7/11-7/29: Onboarding and rollout with Customer Success Team

Does this two-month timeline look realistic to you? Do you predict any surprise steps that I haven't considered?
